HeeJin: We will perform [I’ll Be There] at the concert for the first time!
(HeeJin explaining about their first joint performance!)
HeeJin: (Dissatisfied) She doesn’t say anything when I say!
HeeJin: She doesn’t talk anything to the camera!
HyunJin: You know what I mean even when I’m not speaking~
(She doesn’t know)
(The is the real friends…)
HeeJin: We’ve prepared a lot for the concert
(And just HeeJin keeps saying again…)
HeeJIn: So I hope all the Orbit loves it!
HeeJIn: Right?
HyunJin: Yes!
HeeJin: Say anything!
HeeJin: (Explosion) Take off the in-ear and say anything!
HeeJin: Say!
HyunJin: Okay, as you know [I’ll Be There] has a good vibe~
HeeJin: What vibe?
HyunJin: Fun vibe...
HeeJin: Okay
HyunJin: We will show you how this song is happy and fun at the concert~
HeeJin: (Desire) We can do it well, right?
HyunJin: Yes!
(Not satisfied…)
HeeJin: Let’s say fighting together~
(She giving her hand without saying)
HeeJin: I’ll Be There~
(Messed up…)
(And HyunJin soothing HeeJin after teasing her…)
(Please looking forward to TWO JIN’s improving chemistry)